[DOCU 2411] and [DOCU-2444] Plugin Overviews (#4209)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_includes/md/about-plugins.md

upstream API, as well as on any incoming responses.

## Plugin compatibility with deployment types

{{site.base_gateway}} can be deployed in a variety of ways, and not all plugins
are fully compatible with each mode. See [Plugin Compatibility](/konnect-platform/compatibility/plugins)
for a comparison.

## Terminology
**Plugin**
: An extension to the {{site.base_gateway}}, written in Lua or Go.

**Kong plugin**
: A plugin developed, maintained, and supported by Kong.

**Third-party or Community plugin**
: A custom plugin developed, maintained, and supported by an external developer,
not by Kong. Kong does not test these plugins, or update their version
compatibility. If you need more information or need to have a third-party plugin
updated, contact the maintainer through the Support link in a plugin
documentation's sidebar.

**Service**
: The Kong entity representing an external upstream API or microservice.

**Route**
: The Kong entity representing a way to map downstream requests to upstream
services.

**Consumer**
: An entity that makes requests for Kong to proxy. It represents either a user
or an external service.

**Credential**

> : A unique string associated with a Consumer; also referred to as an API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The API key. A unique string associated with a consumer. 
```

**Upstream**
: The Kong entity that refers to your own API/service sitting behind Kong,
to which client requests are forwarded.

## Plugin versioning

Each plugin has its own internal versioning scheme. These versions differ from
{{site.base_gateway}} versions.

### Kong plugins

For plugins developed and maintained by Kong, plugin versioning generally has
no impact on your implementation, other than to find out which versions of Kong
contain which plugin features. Kong plugins are bundled with the
{{site.base_gateway}}, so compatible plugin versions are already associated
with the correct version of Kong.

### Third-party plugins

Because third-party plugins are not maintained by Kong and are not bundled with
the {{site.base_gateway}}, version compatibility is a bigger concern. See each
individual plugin's page for its tested compatibility.

If the versions on the plugin page are outdated, contact the maintainer through

> the Support link in the plugin documentation's sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the support link in the plugin documentation's sidebar.
```

Reviewer: Can we just link it here?

## Developing custom plugins

Kong provides an entire development environment for developing plugins,
including Lua and Go SDKs, database abstractions, migrations, and more.

Plugins consist of modules interacting with the request/response objects or
streams via a Plugin Development Kit (or PDK) to implement arbitrary logic.
Kong provides PDKs for two languages: Lua and Go. Both of these PDKs are sets
of functions that a plugin can use to facilitate interactions between plugins
and the core (or other components) of Kong.

To start creating your own plugins, check out the PDK documentation:
* [Plugin Development Guide](/gateway/latest/plugin-development) and the

> [Plugin Development Kit reference](/gateway/latest/pdk)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Plugin Development Kit reference](/gateway/latest/pdk)
```
